
Week 1 report:

this week I found an example of a square on three.js and i used the code to build off of that example and then changed it
so that it would fit into my project in the way that I want it to.

I altered several aspects of the code and played with it changing different parts to fully understand how it works

next week i plan to use this code to add in a bunch of custom built functionality that will make this code my own.

Week 2 report:

This week i've planned out a bit more of the project and i have spent some time looking up how to do cool stuff in javascript.

I also made the manual an imported html file through jquery. i plan on using this technique for a few more cool aspects to this project.

I played around with the css a lot and I started the code for adding in all the sliders that manipulate the cube properties.

Week 3 report:

this week I tweaked some more settings and got ready for more camera control settings. Tomorrow I will finish implementing all the camera contral stuff
and finish the slider that controls how many triangles make up the cube. currently when the setting is changed, the already loaded triangles stay catched
and i have a hard time making them dissapear.

Week 4 report:

you can now adjust the camera position to any angle and zoom with your mouse.
updated the manual to explain how to do so. make sure the cache is cleared if these changes are not seen...

Slider to change number of cubes displayed is still giving me issues with how to rerender each cube/delete uneeded ones.

Week 5 report:

This week I added another mesh object underneath my first mesh object. I will try to cast shadows on it next week.

Final Submission report:

The last changes I have made are I changed my light sources and added shadows. There is now a dull ambient light everywhere in the scene and a threejs spotlight cast light onto the main mesh from 3500 y units above it. the light, and both the mesh's have been changed to be able to cast and receive shadows.

I also altered the sizing of the canvas and the scence aspect ratio to display properly. and I also changed the main camera's starting position so you have a better view of the scene from the start.
